It's surprising when you find one of these rare epics that still manage to captivate and spellbind over such a long period of time. The visuals were absolutely majestic, yet the story managed to unfold with such grace and never dawdled. The actors proved worthy of the role they played and kept up their spirit throughout. It was also nice to feel a little light-heartedness among the fantasy, drama and suspense that occurred. To be honest, I couldn't really point out what was actually bad about it, because it just looks like one of the best fantasy epics ever made.
probably one of the best fantasy movies out there,with epic effects,a well made story and the movie followed the book well(although they did leave one epic scene out).The music added to the move was brilliant and perfectly matched with the film.Overall 
Possibly the best movie ever. It feels like your seeing the book, I unfortunetly watched the movie then read the book, such a mistake. Visually stunning. Sir Ian Mckellen was brilliant as Gandalf, this movie is almost flawless. That is why I give it a ten. The fools who rate this movie low should be ashamed! 
This movie was true to the books. Everything in the movie looked the way I imagined it looking when I read the book long ago when I was a boy. Although, I usually don't like CGI, the CGI in this trilogy is absolutely great. As are the costumes and sets. Gollum is the first CGI character from a serious film that I have liked. It is probably because he was basically a virtual puppet that an actual puppeteer,controlled and they recorded the data points in a computer and then drew the CGI around his movements. Way better than Jar Jar Binks in Start Wars lol
Perfectly directed, adapted, written, acted and orchestrated, "The Fellowship of the Ring" is a near perfect film in my eyes. From the sequence on the Shire to the final scene in the film, "The Fellowship of the Ring" is briskly paced, completely engaging and emotionally powerful. This film is my all time favourite!